README.md, before:

# The-Beauty-of-Space
JavaScript Project

This is a mock website I built from scratch in Visual Studio Code for my JavaScript class (CIS166AA) at Rio Salado College in January 2026. It provides information about different space structures, complete with a graded quiz and multiple different JavaScript elements and functions which I created.
Please feel free to click around and explore!

I utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a visually-intriguing website utilizing the DOM, arrays, events, functions, conditionals, loops, and form validation.
My goals in this project were to create a unique, attractive, easy-to-digest website with a focus in educating about outer space and its structures.
I focused on implementing simplicity and cleanliness, using attractive/descriptive pictures, and providing a varied amount of information from page to page.

For The Beauty of Space, I researched topics of planets, galaxies, moons, and double-checked facts using NASA's official website.
This project provides just a small highlight of my knowledge of user-friendly navigation, dynamic and unique JavaScript processes, building site visitor intrigue, varied assortments of information, and WCAG standards.

Commit message:

Enhance README with additional context on project theme
Expanded the exploration invitation to include personal interest in the topic.

README.md, after:

# The-Beauty-of-Space
JavaScript Project

This is a mock website I built from scratch in Visual Studio Code for my JavaScript class (CIS166AA) at Rio Salado College in January 2026. It provides information about different space structures, complete with a graded quiz and multiple different JavaScript elements and functions which I created.
Please feel free to click around and explore! This topic was chosen as one of my favorite subjects to learn more about.

I utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a visually-intriguing website utilizing the DOM, arrays, events, functions, conditionals, loops, and form validation.
My goals in this project were to create a unique, attractive, easy-to-digest website with a focus in educating about outer space and its structures.
I focused on implementing simplicity and cleanliness, using attractive/descriptive pictures, and providing a varied amount of information from page to page.

For The Beauty of Space, I researched topics of planets, galaxies, moons, and double-checked facts using NASA's official website.
This project provides just a small highlight of my knowledge of user-friendly navigation, dynamic and unique JavaScript processes, building site visitor intrigue, varied assortments of information, and WCAG standards.
